Cloud Meeting Day 2-20260413_171628-Meeting Recording
13 April 2026, 04:16pm
9m 40s

Yash Ashok Purohit   0:24
Okay.
How many pages it is? Can you just? I can't see the words. Okay, its 3000 words. Okay, 13 to 14 pages. Perfect.
Okay.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   1:11
Thanks.
Okay.
Hello.

Yash Ashok Purohit   1:44
Yeah, is my GitHub ID is not added there or I have to add by myself, Raul?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   1:49
No, when you contribute only you can.

Yash Ashok Purohit   1:53
Okay, how shall I ****? Sorry, we are recording okay.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   1:59
Hello.
When you counter it to in the GitHub only, it shows your thing.

Yash Ashok Purohit   2:09
What shall I add there? PPT only apart from that, can we add some images too?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   2:14
No, already uploaded the images. Do one thing after getting the transcript, you just upload the transcript in the Github file.

Yash Ashok Purohit   2:22
Okay.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   2:23
That will be more.

Yash Ashok Purohit   2:28
To transcript, like what are the things we are gonna add today?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   2:33
We will add the transcript in GitHub and the summer, the meeting summary also.

Yash Ashok Purohit   2:41
Okay, meeting summary, okay, we will add it the summary that we gonna discuss today. So we have just started from the lemon juice company, right? Lemon jelly company. Okay, so our report section is nearby done as done only even we deploy that.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   2:54
Yeah.

Yash Ashok Purohit   3:03
Rahul, can you just talk about your part? Like what are the things you have done till now, like the deployments and all?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   3:11
Currently, in the server, we have enabled the database plus the backup storage. Now the only thing is to just split the screen like I have made the admin panel and the customer preview in just one page.
Because we just want to create the assignment like a web application like easy one to understand. So I don't want to go further in so it will be easy for the people to understand. so.

Yash Ashok Purohit   3:42
Okay.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   3:55
Also, yeah, tell me.
Hello.

Yash Ashok Purohit   4:09
Yeah, I can hear you.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   4:25
So only the.
Project report is pending like we have to edit this if there any corrections. I just ran through the report yesterday, but you guys have to check more.

Yash Ashok Purohit   4:39
Okay, so I will today after the call, I will just go through the report that made by Akanksha. So I will just check each and everything. If I see anything, I will just correct or I will just check with Akanksha only on that report thing. And apart from the report, PPD presentation is remained. So seeing the.
Report. I'll make one PPT complete 11:50 pages of PPT.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   5:04
Yeah, that's great.

Yash Ashok Purohit   5:06
Yeah, Akanksha is telling you something. Yes, please take care. Yeah sure Akanksha, I will take care of PPT. So before making PPT, I will just go through the report. So in report I will see some points. So based on that point I will make a PPT or after making a PPT I will upload that on a GitHub or plus we will have one call so we will discuss further on the PPT.
What are the things who wanna in case if you have to represent or present? So you guys will be aware what are the points you have to talk, what are the things is there? So we will just brush up completely on the PPT or I will try to make that PPT by today end of the day or I will send you guys so tomorrow.
Can have one final call for that touch up and even deadline is not you show that deadline is for tomorrow. How much I know is for 15? Yeah, tomorrow is final deadline. Yeah, perfect. Yeah, tomorrow is final deadline. So tomorrow whenever tomorrow in night mostly or in daytime whenever you guys feel free.
We can just have a final call. So what's enough time for? Okay, what?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   6:15
Tomorrow, it's like Wednesday.

Yash Ashok Purohit   6:18
Okay, yeah, is Wednesday till evening 5:00 o'clock, so Wednesday we are having whole day in case if we feel that we need to sit at that time, that's the final day we have to sit. You guys having any work on the Wednesday, both of you?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   6:34
I don't know in my case. I don't know they inform me anything. I don't know, but we can the time.

Yash Ashok Purohit   6:36
Okay.
Okay, yeah, not yet. So we will just get one and a half an hour. One hour is perfect. Anyone will get one hour just for final touch up. So we will make make, we will make things workout at that time. So yeah, now Rahul's part is done, all text of or deployments and all, even Akanksha did a great job doing up.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   6:47
Okay.
Mm.
Mhm.

Yash Ashok Purohit   7:01
Presentation report and all thing and my part is for a presentation PPT or just final look for the report. So I will just take care of that all thing. So yeah, we are good. And after that whenever like tomorrow we will be free. So tomorrow we will just try to have one more call, one or 2 call we will try to have.
So we will to understand the project little bit deeply, not much deeply or technically, just little bit. So we will have some practical knowledge each of us, Akanksha plus me.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   7:35
Yeah.

Yash Ashok Purohit   7:35
Yeah, so okay, sure.
Yeah, Kansha, that's correct. Yeah, and I am just taking care of that all thing or.
Definitely, if anything we need to improve, we will connect again or for that I will just go through the report once today. So I think we are good for that. I think we have done a 90% work of done from your side. Now things is remaining from my side only and that's his PPT.
Yeah, I will just work on it.
Yeah, only 10% is working, so we will just do it that or do we need to add some more images for the project?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   8:23
Okay.

Yash Ashok Purohit   8:28
So more the real time one, no needed for that.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   8:33
No, I just added the web application and the screenshots, the GitHub, so I think it's enough. We added, we added around 10 or 12 screenshots.

Yash Ashok Purohit   8:43
Okay, and Rahul, one more thing, like last time you had a call with Akanksha, like have you explained her how to deployed Do Docker and all to made that things and all? Have you recorded that session or call something?

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   8:58
no.

Yash Ashok Purohit   9:01
Okay, no okay, no worries. Wednesday or tomorrow whenever we gonna meet or even though after submitting assignment we can have one call for little bit better understanding, so we will be able to answer each of question.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   9:11
Yeah.
Yeah.

Yash Ashok Purohit   9:16
so I think we are good for now. Each of us, each of we did a good work. So yeah, we will just finish remaining things by today, EOD or tomorrow, just final touch up. So yeah, we are good, I guess.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod   9:29
Yeah, no issue.

Rahul Sheroy Shinod stopped transcription
